Add format and Schema Registry support to produce_message (#24332)
DataDog/integrations-core: kafka_actions/README.md

| Action | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `read_messages` | Read and filter messages with jq-style expressions, supporting JSON, string, BSON, Avro, and Protobuf formats |

> | `produce_message` | Produce messages to topics, base64-encoded by default, or serialized against a Schema Registry (Avro, Protobuf, or JSON) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `produce_message` | Produce messages to topics, either base64-encoded (default) or serialized against a Schema Registry (Avro, Protobuf, or JSON) |
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion intended to clarify that "base64-encoded by default" applies to the message and not the topic

### Message deserialization failures
Ensure the correct format is specified (`json`, `string`, `bson`, `avro`, `protobuf`) and provide schemas for Avro/Protobuf.

### Message serialization failures

> By default, `produce_message`'s `key` and `value` are base64-encoded raw bytes. Setting `value_uses_schema_registry` or `key_uses_schema_registry` to `true` (along with a configured `schema_registry_url`) switches that side to JSON text, serialized against the latest schema registered for the topic's `<topic>-value`/`<topic>-key` subject, or the subject named by `value_schema_subject`/`key_schema_subject`, if set. The wire format (Avro, Protobuf, or JSON) is whatever the Schema Registry reports for that schema, not something you configure directly. Avro schemas with `bytes` or `fixed` fields aren't supported this way, since JSON has no native binary type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `produce_message`'s `key` and `value` are base64-encoded raw bytes. Setting `value_uses_schema_registry` or `key_uses_schema_registry` to `true` (along with a configured `schema_registry_url`) switches that side to JSON text, serialized against the latest schema registered for the topic's `<topic>-value`/`<topic>-key` subject. To use a different subject, set `value_schema_subject` or `key_schema_subject`. The wire format (Avro, Protobuf, or JSON) is determined by the Schema Registry's reported type for that schema and cannot be directly configured.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting some updates for clarity and to break up a long sentence
